Patents

We partner with you to navigate the complex patent landscape in Nigeria and across African markets.

Patents

Protecting your innovations and technologies

Navigating the patent process can be daunting, especially in Nigeria and across Africa. If you have an inventive idea, getting a patent is essential but complex. There are many things to consider, such as which parts of your invention to protect, where to file for a patent, and whether to keep, sell, or license it to other people.

It’s crucial to have a solid plan in place that addresses these questions. That's where our team come in—we're here to help you every step of the way.

How NECS Legal can help you

When we work with local clients, we think strategically and consider the overall picture. When partnering with associates from other countries, we don’t just take instructions—we assess whether the proposed approach will achieve the desired goals set and provide feedback to enhance outcomes.

We offer personalised guidance and support in various areas to ensure you understand the process and feel confident moving forward.

Advising on matters of inventorship and intellectual property ownership

Providing nuanced assessments of patentability criteria

Drafting, filing, and prosecuting applications for patent

Conducting analyses and infringement evaluations to mitigate risk

Performing due diligence and comprehensive IP audits

Guiding the technical aspects of patent oppositions and challenges

Advising on patent licensing agreements and broader commercialisation strategies

Conducting qualitative assessments of patent portfolios to facilitate capital raising, restructuring initiatives, and strategic investment decisions

Reviewing disclosures to identify potential IP issues

Strategically enforcing and defending patent rights to maintain competitive advantage

Anti-Counterfeiting

Commercial IP

Trademarks

Patents

Ip Litigation & Disputes

Designs

Domain Names

IP Advisory

Continental Re Center, 17 Olosa Str. Victoria Island Lagos, Nigeria

+2348107251119

info@necs-legal.com